https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-3SbfTPJsL8fJAPKiVqBLg    #Deep Look
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-oTbS-PARG-kASUBRoCIUQ    #Camille
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC01CmowL5t_ku11gikGRZcg    #Red May TV
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0QHWhjbe5fGJEPz3sVb6nw    #Doctor Mike
# https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0cd_-e49hZpWLH3UIwoWRA    #Professor Dave Explains
# https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC12k5BZ86YHoeFzOvow_how    #Emma Langevin
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1DTYW241WD64ah5BFWn4JA    #Sam O'Nella Academy
# https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1Q18RlikUlZKG_mAsTyqgQ    #chinesewithlia
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1UNB6Gy11umcbEj_hqIwhw    #Little Chinese Everywhere
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1yGcBvdPGxRIMT1yo_bKIQ    #Jake@Linux
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2Xd-TjJByJyK2w1zNwY0zQ    #Beyond Fireship
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2apEih4kGb1h14D-f-1USg    #april clucks
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2cBQ7ljxVv33mMzvqbxkqQ    #Person Random
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2fAiRQHRQT9aj9P_ijYeow    #Mandarin Corner
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4mvIQntW-fX27Ez-U-KDHw    #Luke Correia
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5p8WSPGtnSWpeQzXv9F7XQ    #ÊØèÊó•‰∏≠ÊñáËØæFree To Learn Chinese
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5wZGwqyPawfmzpve8aJ-hw    #Geopold
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6Ii2PPnHDkjLTJJQgOw7sQ    #Jeaney Collects
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6biysICWOJ-C3P4Tyeggzg    #Low Level Learning
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6nSFpj9HTCZ5t-N3Rm3-HA    #Vsauce
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6s5-dHFPVOSMH-Bw49gPAA    #Êõ¶Êõ¶È±ºSAKANA
# https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6xZdbLoWpE07omW0xvBOBw    #Professor Lando
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7YOGHUfC1Tb6E4pudI9STA    #Mental Outlaw
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC81hVmI5eEBIt3s3HQpJd_w    #boburnham
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8ENHE5xdFSwx71u3fDH5Xw    #ThePrimeagen
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9-y-6csu5WGm29I7JiwpnA    #Computerphile
# https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9H0HzpKf5JlazkADWnW1Jw    #bashbunni
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9rTsvTxJnx1DNrDA3Rqa6A    #Dr. Trefor Bazett
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAYKj_peyESIMDp5LtHlH2A    #unfaüá∫üá¶
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAaCnaGdVpNzylKpou646vw    #QTCinderella
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBBQ9PIs8ARguuwVJZowGIg    #Hasanabi Productions
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBn6YYmhnruGtEtlKxYbQ9A    #K Klein
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBwbwVWMGEQSzJ0T7-YwtHA    #Hasanabi Reactlord
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCZGYab5SpD0I7Z5JqJZgww    #My Chemical Romance
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCC_fdR7zZ_5SU--xuOrEdKw    #Grace Mandarin Chinese
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCokj-ZnFWavlYfQNtHHn4Q    #brahkie
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFQMnBA3CS502aghlcr0_aw    #Coffeezilla
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFbtcTaMFnOAP0pFO1L8hVw    #Kyle Hill
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFeqAfEuKm7lIg2ddQzh61A    #Emirichu
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCG1uayRlzz3ahT8ISRdyw7Q    #Genetically Modified Skeptic
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGc7D1dcbCWHzh3SfDhSFhw    #Undine Almani
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGcewL4nAdWtH8JlSQ-6Y9Q    #Outlier Linguistics
# https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCH3_Mmyv5OFV0vkyF1tz_Iw    #Audio University
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCH4BNI0-FOK2dMXoFtViWHw    #Be Smart
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHQEj931BQX7akRTr1g7ALA    #Ê∞∏ËëÜÊé¢Á¥¢ÁÉ≠ÊÉÖ ‚Äî TED-Ed
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHnyfMqiRRG1u-2MsSQLbXA    #Veritasium
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIASTDaUEkDgYhvuau8V8vA    #Linglong Mandarin Chinese
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIw4ioKLP_tg_4QLrVO97qw    #F1nn5terLIVE
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJetJ7nDNLlEzDLXv7KIo0w    #Gavin Freeborn
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJm2TgUqtK1_NLBrjNQ1P-w    #Second Thought
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLhtZqdkjshgq8TqwIjMdCQ    #DarkMatter2525
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLtI6aq4G8zinQjUcsxgEXA    #Swindles McCoop
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCN5m4FU51DuJURjNKS2gUZg    #Voice Quills
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNHb7I85BKnwbJF4fWBXJjA    #Etymology Nerd
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNNOvB507MRfny7Jcv8MmOw    #SamDoesArts
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNZ69Kmb3EBMfaMk1x3OsMw    #Chris Jones
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCO6nDCimkF79NZRRb8YiDcA    #Storied
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCO9kIeDrtsX0j83HbVljzSQ    #CodeMiko
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOSqzSTg4QZXdi7jvV-9rUg    #Bryce Vandegrift
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOVfq3NNYjlYCz1iou69FwQ    #Anna Cramling
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOujgO5S-Zn8DqpFrvzeIqA    #wow_mao
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCP1ffUUnnzmQJYIvZfvobAg    #Chelsea Lang
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPPZoYsfoSekIpLcz9plX1Q    #Hakim
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPpb6z6FWCCC80lwApeibnQ    #Ryan Hale
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQWoY8CkEGeE4t62djCZk-A    #1Dime
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRiJko2k-0EpPpFGgk3XJMg    #Maths Partner
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRyovM5c2_mxYYkVfUbZgAw    #im sad alex
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSJKQnpmPcdkysduL0mNktg    #teej_dv daily
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSz8X-JAmenxLH-uXlgVaCg    #Odd Animal Specimens
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUjFsQAUUS1IFM7oyUXeB1g    #SyS Mandarin
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUyeluBRhGPCW4rPe_UvBZQ    #ThePrimeTime
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVk4b-svNJoeytrrlOixebQ    #TheVimeagen
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWFA6_bOa5LvUEFnmd4haSg    #reading with elliot
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWXCrItCF6ZgXrdozUS-Idw    #ExplosmEntertainment
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXHS7RSRMGcVp4-MMbEDW6g    #Doctor Gary Linkov
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZFvu4GPr5BjZm6YqdFFoOQ    #ABChinese
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZYTClx2T1of7BRZ86-8fow    #SciShow
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_M_XWWDboIrUeAMfKjPgSQ    #Âç∞Â∞ºÁéõÁêÖÂ≠îÈô¢ Confucius Institute Malang IDN
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaHT88aobpcvRFEuy4v5Clg    #Lessons in Meme Culture
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaSCt8s_4nfkRglWCvNSDrg    #CodeAesthetic
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCb5CyUGW_tODKqsOknphG-A    #First Thought
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbYS0vE3aSlIcZGNxq2ZkjQ    #SATANSGUIDE
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbbQalJ4OaC0oQ0AqRaOJ9g    #Jay Foreman
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbpe1SYzZKG4RswEnxxSRZQ    #Root BSD
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCct9aR7HC79Cv2g-9oDOTLw    #ReligionForBreakfast
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCd3dNckv1Za2coSaHGHl5aA    #TJ DeVries
# https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdZe3OmKYiIwyrLFEEbNwVw    #Alexandr Misko
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdw5LiPvFgAuNoAcBa4_CsQ    #aisha rae
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCecF2icZlEIJ__9XS6woPGw    #Zoe Bee
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCf5UKKJ1RSyZmHfaPIg88qw    #Junko Azukawa
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCf8qFW6y882y1l5Sx2JFCyw    #RED ERA
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfrwcE4FD7EJpICKsq6WalQ    #Caecilia Kasih Ning Tyas
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgBg0aacyJnw4qUnb1FlfEQ    #Institute of Human Anatomy
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgSku43Ciye6rdl23J3mTGw    #lemoncholy
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCh0RXrajAvkAdgctGHs41Jw    #Haropones
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChhyfYkhuVrzmvDr-WqpDSw    #Not Even Emily
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCi1UIejGoWgSZWf15wHPj7g    #HasanAbi Compilations (Fan Channel - littlebear36)
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCiB8h9jD2Mlxx96ZFnGDSJw    #PBS Origins
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjWsE9cjRu5gImk99yFhwVg    #Gianni Matragrano
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkDtCKtPKlsg-gJO_m5D0mQ    #Telepurte
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClM2LuQ1q5WEc23462tQzBg    #Proko
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCld68syR8Wi-GY_n4CaoJGA    #Brodie Robertson
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClq42foiSgl7sSpLupnugGA    #D!NG
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmEr_fT0omAv-_sVjwCLU2A    #Ks Kokel
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmd0Jb6TbFKEx1Of0yQu9fw    #JT Chapman
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnAbNwJjusY7zQ__sQyJlSA    #David Revoy
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnI_h3e6b5jGLfly2SY57SA    #Fear&
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnZx--LpG2spgmlxOcC-DRA    #Daniel Thrasher
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnkp4xDOwqqJD7sSM3xdUiQ    #Adam Neely
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCo4au6lRX4-_gIczBneEZWA    #Aamon Animations
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoDfzMpmDq2hotStuDhZc7w    #blumineck
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoatplmazYmGMPe-3LRCeyg    #HasanAbi Gaming
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCohiseZZmCnFoXpzTGGcaKQ    #Chinese Handwriting
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCowtnAzj7XTRtlkQzHcvSeQ    #Ëá®Ê±†Êõ∏Èô¢
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpWDbHLOKfOSUyExsRN3h7w    #Experience Chinese Culture Foundation
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpa-Zb0ZcQjTCPP1Dx_1M8Q    #LegalEagle
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpmvp5czsIrQHsbqya4-6Jw    #Chad Chad
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqGmpMaWCpLe7hpnNnU09TA    #The OpenBSD guy
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqpg8i6CryfkIw0uqytHsow    #Elliot Sang
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCr3cBLTYmIK9kY0F_OdFWFQ    #Casually Explained
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrCTC5_t-HaVJ025DbYITiw    #Alice Cappelle
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrc2iv2-G1FZ3VscM3zu2jg    #Lindsay Nikole
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrcDPAshreK6gXlDIrDgYjQ    #Katherine's Journey to the East Èò≥Á¶ªÂ≠ê‰∏úÊ∏∏ËÆ∞
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrq3JYirgV-BLluzTF6X_7A    #STRANGE √ÜONS
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrwOzu7ienZYuzAdeeRL4rQ    #Andrew Giraffe
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCs6KfncB4OV6Vug4o_bzijg    #Techlore
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCs8mbJ-M142ZskR5VR0gBig    #YUGOPNIK
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsBjURrPoezykLs9EqgamOA    #Fireship
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsDxB-CSMQ0Vu_hTag7-2UQ    #Marco Bucci
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsjlBOUmKgsbQRSJsEnxluQ    #Miacat
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsooa4yRKGN_zEE8iknghZA    #TED-Ed
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtFuCBKQTItHCwfHRP9LIjQ    #Dr Geoff Lindsey
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtMVHI3AJD4Qk4hcbZnI9ZQ    #SomeOrdinaryGamers
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtOdJ7Qr6fVlMg1HnDIPcEw    #Yugopnik Live
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCte9SD4XLBDFtRZD2dzj_jw    #HasanAbi Reacts
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtoaZpBnrd0lhycxYJ4MNOQ    #HasanAbi
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuVLG9pThvBABcYCm7pkNkA    #Climate Town
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCv_vLHiWVBh_FR9vbeuiY-A    #Historia Civilis
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCw9JcKCjeNI8AEs0KyUQ8nw    #gdiddlydog
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxiPSgY4RjnUQBcEYwEPy0w    #chinesewithmia
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxxw51w9d_utTp0VNyyG9IA    #aini
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCylNpQCufmDdAhs8CdLmUXQ    #GDF
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzR-rom72PHN9Zg7RML9EbA    #PBS Eons
